Add validate integration/script file path (#1104)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed an issue where downloading indicator layoutsconatiner objects failed.
* Added a validation that makes sure outputs in integrations are matching the README file.
* Fixed an issue where the *create-id-set* flag in the **validate** command did not work.
* Added a warning in case no id_set file is found when running the **validate** command.
* Fixed an issue where changed files were not recognised correctly on forked branches in the **validate** and the **update-release-notes** commands.
* Fixed an issue when files were classified incorrectly when running *update-release-notes*.

> * Added a validation that the integration and script file path's compatible with our convention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a validation that integration and script file paths are compatible with our convention.
```

Author: done
